---
Layout: Post
Title: Day 3
---

Nothing happened on Day 2 except for some pondering over how to plan the project/snippets of research on API, because I did not receive a response from administration.

Day 3, I still hadn't received a response, so I became a little anxious with the tight deadline and decided to ask in person.
They told me they were out with their sick child the past couple of days, but had read my email.

The main points I got from the conversation was:
1. They think all of the grants on the Uni High website should be available, although they don't know how much money are still in them.
2. There is a separate section for faculty grants.

Although their answeres did not quite satisfy me, they seemed like they had a lot on their plate and in a hurry (and frustrated), so I ended our conversation ended there.
I did not ask about faculty department funds, so it will not be included as a fund in my program.

Later, I visited the Uni High website again and located the hidden faculty grant section!
I created a Google Sheet to organize all of the grants (both students and faculty) with their purposes: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1igH0LwxH_3dFirP522y0icYvalfTcQJdDgvKpPSswO8/edit?usp=sharing
During this tedious process, I discovered that a few of the grant application links were expired and some of the grants were changed or gone as whole.
And so I did not add a few grants from my list of grants due to them no longer being available.

At home later that evening, I explored Streamlit.
Lux' feedback on my proposal was that only utilizing Google Forms could restrict my take aways from this project, and furthermore encouraged me to look at widget programs like Streamlit and Jupyter Widgets to use instead.
I was so happy I had gotten that comment, because I had been feeling stuck and unsure where to go with my project through Google Forms and possibly API and GSpread.
Anyways, I did look at Jupyter Widgets as well, but the Streamlit website looked very cute and beginner friendly, so I decided to go with that instead.
I found that Streamlit has a lot of different user-interactive button widgets that could function as selectors for the applicant's grant purposes (like filters on an online clothing store!)
And so I opened a new app using Streamlit through GitHub, created a "faculty or student" selector and pill-buttons (that are multi-selectable) to choose purposes.
I also created two dictionaries, each for faculty and student grants, that contain grant titles as keys and purposes as values.
This is the link to the Streamlit page: https://blank-app-by2a0du1zze.streamlit.app/

Next time, I plan to:
1. Figure out a way to match the selected pills with the values in the dictionaries (and display them)
2. Make it so that the pill-buttons only appear when the type of association they are under (faculty or student) is selected.

Overall, I am so so so proud of my work today!
I am incredibly glad I decided on a solid plan for executing my project (Streamlit).
